README.md, before:

# SANTA'S FACTORY

## :bulb:Project description

**Santa Claus** asks us for help to manage his toy manufacturing and gift list for each child.

## Requirements to achieve in this project:

- Minimum **test coverage** of **70%**.
- Well-configured **project** and **user stories**.
- **Elf routes** must contain the word *elves* and **Santa routes** must contain *Santa*
- **Welcome page** must be a welcome to the toy factory.

### Toy's table

**Elves** should:

- Display all **manufactured toys** on screen *(Blade and Json)*.
- Be able to **insert, modify or delete a toy** *(Endpoints)*.
- Be able to see the **show** of a toy *(Endpoints and Blade)*.

### Children's table

**Santa Claus** should:

- Display all **children** on screen *(Blade and Json)*.
- Be able to **insert, modify or delete a child** *(Endpoints)*.
- Be able to see the **show** of children *(Endpoints and Blade)*.

### Santa's list (PIVOT TABLE)

- If a child has **misbehaved** -> only give **1 gift** **(Coal)**.
- If a child has **behaved well** ->  will receive **2 random gifts** from the list of toys (age appropriate) and those gifts can **NOT** be **repeated** to the same child

Commit message:

feat: add project overview section.md

README.md, after:

# SANTA'S FACTORY

## :bulb:Project description

**Santa Claus** asks us for help to manage his toy manufacturing and gift list for each child.

## Requirements to achieve in this project:

- Minimum **test coverage** of **70%**.
- Well-configured **project** and **user stories**.
- **Elf routes** must contain the word *elves* and **Santa routes** must contain *Santa*
- **Welcome page** must be a welcome to the toy factory.

### Toy's table

**Elves** should:

- Display all **manufactured toys** on screen *(Blade and Json)*.
- Be able to **insert, modify or delete a toy** *(Endpoints)*.
- Be able to see the **show** of a toy *(Endpoints and Blade)*.

### Children's table

**Santa Claus** should:

- Display all **children** on screen *(Blade and Json)*.
- Be able to **insert, modify or delete a child** *(Endpoints)*.
- Be able to see the **show** of children *(Endpoints and Blade)*.

### Santa's list (PIVOT TABLE)

- If a child has **misbehaved** -> only give **1 gift** **(Coal)**.
- If a child has **behaved well** ->  will receive **2 random gifts** from the list of toys (age appropriate) and those gifts can **NOT** be **repeated** to the same child.

## :eye_speech_bubble: Project overview

(Insert screenshoots)
